README.md, before:

# OoT_RandomizerMappingTool
**WARNING: This project is still in development!** Don't judge me too hard okay, I got it working with python and now I'm just migrating to Javascript :P.

# Description
This tool visualizes the randomized map generated with the [Ocarina of Time Randomizer](https://ootrandomizer.com/) v7.1 (by TestRunner et al.) given a seed's spoiler file.

# Usage Instructions
1.  **Generate a seed** by navigating to the [Ocarina of Time Randomizer](https://ootrandomizer.com/) and selecting "Play Now". Adjust the randomization rules as desired then select "GENERATE SEED!" at the bottom of the page.
2. On the following page with the "ROM Generation" tab selected, click "BROWSE" to select your ROM (this will be a file with the .n64 extension). Scroll down and select "PATCH ROM!", but ***BE SURE to save the spoiler file before closing out of this window!***

![Screenshot](./src/assets/images/savespoilerlog.png)

3. **Navigate to the [OoT_RandomizerMappingTool](url goes here)**, (hosted on Github Pages).
4. Here you have two options:
    1. **Click the Upload button**, navigate to the directory where you saved your spoiler file, **and select your spoiler file**. 
    2. Try the demo! Use a pre-generated spoiler to see how the tool works. **Click the "Try Demo!" button** to generate the map. 
<p>The program should then generate your map and open it in the central window of the webpage. You can use the tools on the left side of the page to search for and highlight a specific node in the graph, or use the path-finder tool to find and highlight any number of paths from one node to another.</p>

# Other Notes
* ***Spoilers generated with Ocarina of Time Randomizer versions prior to 7.1 are not guaranteed to work***. The developers have changed (and may continue to change) the naming conventions for the spoiler information, and the current parser does not include region names from older versions of the OoT Randomizer.

Commit message:

Migrating from React to HTML/CSS/Javascript
removed unnecessary react files, updated layout of front page, added a favicon, started work on the two primary buttons ("Try Demo" and "Upload Spoiler"). Currently have them both logging the correct values to the console - still need to translate our parser from react component to pure Javascript.

README.md, after:

# OoT_RandomizerMappingTool
**WARNING: This project is still in development!** Please be patient and I am learning javascript on the fly here.

# Description
This tool visualizes the randomized map generated with the [Ocarina of Time Randomizer](https://ootrandomizer.com/) v7.1 (by TestRunner et al.) given a seed's spoiler file.

# Usage Instructions
1.  **Generate a seed** by navigating to the [Ocarina of Time Randomizer](https://ootrandomizer.com/) and selecting "Play Now". Adjust the randomization rules as desired then select "GENERATE SEED!" at the bottom of the page.
2. On the following page with the "ROM Generation" tab selected, click "BROWSE" to select your ROM (this will be a file with the .n64 extension). Scroll down and select "PATCH ROM!", but ***BE SURE to save the spoiler file before closing out of this window!***

![Screenshot](./src/assets/images/save-spoiler-log.png)

3. **Navigate to the [OoT_RandomizerMappingTool](url goes here)**, (hosted on Github Pages).
4. Here you have two options:
    1. **Click the Upload button**, navigate to the directory where you saved your spoiler file, **and select your spoiler file**. 
    2. Try the demo! Use a pre-generated spoiler to see how the tool works. **Click the "Try Demo!" button** to generate the map. 
<p>The program should then generate your map and open it in the central window of the webpage. You can use the tools on the left side of the page to search for and highlight a specific node in the graph, or use the path-finder tool to find and highlight paths from one node to another.</p>

# Other Notes
* ***Spoilers generated with Ocarina of Time Randomizer versions prior to 7.1 are not guaranteed to work***. The developers have changed (and may continue to change) the naming conventions for the spoiler information, and the current parser does not include region names from older versions of the OoT Randomizer.
